Document trailingSlashes prop on the router (#3460)
redwoodjs/redwood: packages/router/README.md

In the route we've specified a route parameter of `{name:slug}` which will invoke our custom route parameter type and if we have a request for `/post/redwood-router`, the resulting `name` prop delivered to `PostPage` will be `['redwood', 'router']`.

> ## Trailing slashes
> RR by default removes all trailing slashes before attempting to match the route you are trying to navigate to.
> 
> For example if you attempt to navigate to `/about` and you enter `/about/` RR will remove the trailing `/` and will match `path="/about"`
> 
> There are 3 values that can be used with the `trailingSlashes` prop
> - never (default) -> strips trailing slashes before matching ("/about/" -> "/about")
> - always -> always adds trailing slashes before matching ("/about" -> "/about/")
> - preserve -> paths without a slash won't match paths with a slash ("/about" -> "/about", "/about/" -> "/about/")
> 
> If you need to match trailing slashes exactly use the `preserve` value.
> In the following `/about/` will not match `/about` and you will be sent to the `NotFoundPage`
> 
> ```js
>     <Router trailingSlashes={'preserve'}>
>       <Route path="/" page={HomePage} name="home" />
>       <Route path="/about" page={AboutPage} name="about" />
>       <Route notfound page={NotFoundPage} />
>     </Router>
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Trailing slashes
RR by default removes all trailing slashes before attempting to match the route you are trying to navigate to.

For example, if you attempt to navigate to `/about` and you enter `/about/`, RR will remove the trailing `/` and will match `path="/about"`

There are 3 values that can be used with the `trailingSlashes` prop
1.  **never** (default): strips trailing slashes before matching ("/about/" -> "/about")
2. **always**: always adds trailing slashes before matching ("/about" -> "/about/")
3. **preserve** -> paths without a slash won't match paths with a slash ("/about" -> "/about", "/about/" -> "/about/")

If you need to match trailing slashes exactly, use the `preserve` value.
In the following example, `/about/` will _not_ match `/about` and you will be sent to the `NotFoundPage`

```js
    <Router trailingSlashes={'preserve'}>
      <Route path="/" page={HomePage} name="home" />
      <Route path="/about" page={AboutPage} name="about" />
      <Route notfound page={NotFoundPage} />
    </Router>
```

```
